**AMENDED AND RESTATED**

**LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT**  
**OF**  
**DATASCOPE ANALYTICS LLC**  

**Dated as of January 1, 2012**

TABLE OF CONTENTS

[Article I.  Certain Defined Terms](#article-1)

[Section 1.1  Definitions](#section-1-1)

[Section 1.2  Headings](#section-1-2)

[Section 1.3  Interpretation](#section-1-3)

[Article II.  Formation of Limited Liability Company](#article-2)

[Section 2.1  Formation](#section-2-1)

[Section 2.2  Purpose](#section-2-2)

[Section 2.3  Term](#section-2-3)

[Section 2.4  Registered Agent and Office](#section-2-4)

[Section 2.5  Principal Place of Business](#section-2-5)

[Section 2.6  Qualification in Other Jurisdictions](#section-2-6)

Article III.  Membership

Section 3.1  Members

Section 3.2  Member Representations and Warranties

Section 3.3  Powers of Members

Section 3.4  Reimbursements

Section 3.5  Partition

Section 3.6  Withdrawal

Section 3.7  Termination of Membership

Section 3.8  Effects of Termination of Membership

Article IV.  Capital Contributions, Units, Capital Accounts and Advances

Section 4.1  Capital Contributions

Section 4.2  Units

Section 4.3  Status of Capital Contributions
12

Section 4.4  Capital Accounts

Section 4.5  Advances

Article V.  Managers

Section 5.1  Designation of Manager

Section 5.2  Manager as Agent

Section 5.3  Limitations on Powers of Manager

Section 5.4  Reimbursement of Manager Expenses

Section 5.5  Removal of Manager

Section 5.6  Resignation of Manager

Section 5.7  Officers

Article VI.  Action by Members; Amendments

Section 6.1  Meetings; Action without Meeting

Section 6.2  Amendments

Section 6.3  Amendments Without Consent of Members

Article VII.  Allocations

Section 7.1  Profits and Losses

Section 7.2  Allocation Rules

Section 7.3  Tax Allocations; Section 704(c) of the Code

Article VIII.  Distributions

Section 8.1  Net Cash Flow

Section 8.2  Distribution Rules

Section 8.3  Limitations on Distributions

Section 8.4  Guaranteed Payments

ARTICLE IX.  Accounting and Records

Section 9.1  Financial and Tax Reporting

Section 9.2  Supervision; Inspection of Books
18

Section 9.3  Reliance on Records and Books of Account

Section 9.4  Annual Reports

Section 9.5  Tax Returns

Article X.  Tax Matters

Section 10.1  Tax Matters Member

Section 10.2  Right to Make Tax Election

Article XI.  Liability, Exculpation and Indemnification

Section 11.1  Liability

Section 11.2  Exculpation

Section 11.3  Indemnification

Section 11.4  Expenses

Article XII.  Non-Competition; Confidentiality

Section 12.1  Outside Businesses

Section 12.2  Non-Competition

Section 12.3  Confidentiality

Section 12.4  Remedies for Breach

Article XIII.  Admission of New Members; Offering of Additional Units

Section 13.1  Admission of New Members

Section 13.2  Issuance of Class B Units to Existing Members

Section 13.3  Offers of Additional Units

Section 13.4  Allocations

Article XIV.  Assignability and Substitute Members

Section 14.1  Assignability of Units

Section 14.2  Recognition of Assignment by Company

Section 14.3  Indemnification

Section 14.4  Effective Date of Assignment

Article XV.  Dissolution, Liquidation and Termination

Section 15.1  No Dissolution

Section 15.2  Events Causing Dissolution

Section 15.3  Notice of Dissolution

Section 15.4  Liquidation

Section 15.5  Termination

Section 15.6  Claims of Members

Article XVI.  Arbitration

Article XVII.  Miscellaneous

Section 17.1  Notices

Section 17.2  Failure to Pursue Remedies

Section 17.3  Cumulative Remedies

Section 17.4  Binding Effect

Section 17.5  Severability

Section 17.6  Counterparts

Section 17.7  Integration

Section 17.8  Governing Law

  

[SCHEDULE A — Manager, Members and Non-Member Unit Holders](schedule_a_units_ledger.md)

[SCHEDULE B — Valuation Methodology](schedule_b_valuation.md)

[SCHEDULE C — Hypothetical Liquidation Scenarios](schedule_c_liquidation_scenarios.md)

  

**THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT** (as
amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, this "Agreement")
of DATASCOPE ANALYTICS LLC (the "Company"), is entered into as of
January 1, 2012 among the current members of the Company whose names are
set forth as Members on **Schedule A** hereto (the "Members"), and the
Persons who become members of the Company in accordance with the
provisions hereof and whose names are set forth as Members on **Schedule
A** hereto.

The original Members of the Company formed the Company as a limited
liability company pursuant to and in accordance with the Illinois
Limited Liability Company Act, 805 ILCS 180/1-1, et seq., as amended
from time to time (the "Act") and entered into the Limited Liability
Company Agreement of the Company dated as of November 1, 2010 (the
"Original Company Agreement").  This Agreement amends and restates the
Original Company Agreement in its entirety, and the Original Company
Agreement is null and void and of no further effect.

The Members hereby agree as follows:

  
<a name="article-1"></a>**ARTICLE I CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS**

<a name="section-1-1"></a>Section 1.1 Definitions. Unless the context otherwise requires, the
terms defined in this Article I shall, for the purposes of this
Agreement, have the meanings specified.

"Act" means the Illinois Limited Liability Company Act, 805 ILCS
180/1-1, et seq., as amended from time to time. 

"Additional Member" has the meaning set forth in Section 13.3.

"Additional Units" has the meaning set forth in Section 13.3.

"Affiliate" means with respect to a specified Person, any Person that
directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with, the specified Person.  As used in this definition, the
term "control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the
power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of
a Person, whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise.

"Articles or Organization" means the Articles of Organization and any
and all amendments thereto and restatements thereof filed on behalf of
the Company with the office of the Secretary of State of the State of
Illinois pursuant to the Illinois Act.

"Assignee" means any Person who is an assignee of a Member's interest in
the Company, or part thereof, and who does not become a Member pursuant
to Section 14.1.

"Bankruptcy" shall have the meaning specified in § 1-5 of the Act.

"Capital Account" means, with respect to any Unit Holder, the account
maintained for such Unit Holder in accordance with the provisions of
Section 4.4.

"Capital Contribution" means, with respect to any Unit Holder, the
aggregate amount of money and the initial Gross Asset Value of any
property (other than money) contributed to the Company pursuant to
Section 4.1 with respect to the Units held by such Unit Holder.  In the
case of a Unit Holder who acquires an interest in the Company by virtue
of an assignment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement,
"Capital Contribution" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4(i).

"Class A Unit" means any Unit designated as a Class A Unit.

"Class A Unit Liquidation Preference" means an amount equal to [INSERT
VALUATION WHEN THIS AGREEMENT TAKES AFFECT].

"Class B Unit" means any Unit designated as a Class B Unit.  Class B
Units shall be divided into separate series based on the date of
issuance of such Class B Units.  Pursuant to Section 4.2(ii), Class B
Units shall be treated for tax purposes as profit interests and not as
capital interests, as those terms are defined in Rev. Proc. 93-27,
1993-2 C.B. 343.

"Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to
time, or any corresponding federal tax statute enacted after the date of
this Agreement.  A reference to a specific section (§) of the Code
refers not only to such specific section but also to any corresponding
provision of any federal tax statute enacted after the date of this
Agreement, as such specific section or corresponding provision is in
effect on the date of application of the provisions of this Agreement
containing such reference.

"Company Value at Issuance" means, with respect to any series of Class B
Units, the value designated by the Manager as the "Company Value at
Issuance" for such series of Class B Unit pursuant to Section 4.2(ii).

"Covered Person" means a Member, the Manager, any Affiliate of a Member
or of the Manager, any officers, directors, shareholders, partners,
employees, representatives or agents of a Member, the Manager or their
respective Affiliates, or any employee or agent of the Company or its
Affiliates.

"Depreciation" means, for each Fiscal Year or other period, an amount
equal to the depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery deduction
allowable with respect to an asset for such Fiscal Year or other period;
provided, however, that if the Gross Asset Value of an asset differs
from its adjusted basis for federal income tax purposes at the beginning
of such Fiscal Year or other period, Depreciation shall be an amount
that bears the same ratio to such beginning Gross Asset Value as the
federal income tax depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery
deduction with respect to such asset for such Fiscal Year or other
period bears to such beginning adjusted tax basis; and provided further,
that if the federal income tax depreciation, amortization or other cost
recovery deduction for such Fiscal Year or other period is zero,
Depreciation shall be determined with reference to such beginning Gross
Asset Value using any reasonable method selected by the Manager.

"Extended Disability" means any physical or mental disease or disability
which, in the certified opinion of three licensed physicians, is
reasonably likely to render the individual incapable of performing the
tasks required to be performed by the Member in connection with their
duties for the Company and such disease or disability is expected to
continue to render the Member incapable of performing such tasks for a
continuous period of ninety (90) days or one hundred eighty (180) days
in any one (1) year period.  Of the three Illinois licensed physicians,
one shall be the Member's personal physician, one shall be a physician
employed by and selected by the Company, and one shall be selected by
the mutual agreement of the other two physicians.

"Fiscal Year" means (i) the period commencing upon the formation of the
Company and ending on December 31, 2009, (ii) any subsequent 12-month
period commencing on January 1 and ending on December 31, or (iii) any
portion of the period described in Clause (ii) of this sentence for
which the Company is required to allocate Profits, Losses and other
items of Company income, gain, loss or deduction pursuant to Article
VII.

"Gross Asset Value" means, with respect to any asset, such asset's
adjusted basis for federal income tax purposes, except as follows:

​(i) the initial Gross Asset Value of any asset contributed by a Member
to the Company shall be the gross fair market value of such asset, as
agreed to by the contributing Member and the Manager;

​(ii) the Gross Asset Value of all Company assets shall be adjusted to
equal their respective gross fair market values, as determined by the
Manager, as of the following times:  (a) the acquisition of an
additional interest in the Company by any new or existing Member in
exchange for more than a de minimis Capital Contribution; (b) the
distribution by the Company to a Unit Holder of more than a de minimis
amount of Company assets as consideration for an interest in the
Company; and (c) the liquidation of the Company within the meaning of
Treasury Regulation § 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g); provided, however, that
adjustments pursuant to Clause (a) and Clause (b) of this sentence shall
be made only if the Manager reasonably determines that such adjustments
are necessary or appropriate to reflect the relative economic interests
of the Unit Holders in the Company; and

​(iii) the Gross Asset Value of any Company asset distributed to any
Unit Holder shall be the gross fair market value of such asset on the
date of distribution, as determined by the distributee Member and the
Manager.

If the Gross Asset Value of an asset has been determined or adjusted
pursuant to Paragraph (i) or Paragraph (ii) above, such Gross Asset
Value shall thereafter be adjusted by the Depreciation taken into
account with respect to such asset for purposes of computing Profits and
Losses.

"Majority Vote" means the written approval of, or the affirmative vote
by, Members holding a majority of the Units held by Members.

"Manager" means, collectively, the Person(s) designated by the Members
in Section 5.1 as the manager(s) of the Company within the meaning of
the Act and shall include a successor appointed pursuant to the
provisions of this Agreement.

"Member" means any Person named as a member of the Company on **Schedule
A** hereto and includes any Person admitted as a New Member, Additional
Member or a Substitute Member pursuant to the provisions of this
Agreement, and "Members" means two or more of such Persons when acting
in their capacities as members of the Company.  For purposes of the Act,
the Members shall constitute one class or group of members.

"Membership Offer" has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1.

"Net Cash Flow" means, for each Fiscal Year or other period of the
Company, the gross cash receipts of the Company from all sources, but
excluding any amounts, such as gross receipts taxes, that are held by
the Company as a collection agent or in trust for others or that are
otherwise not unconditionally available to the Company, less all amounts
paid by or for the account of the Company during the same Fiscal Year or
other period (including, without limitation, payments of principal and
interest on any Company indebtedness, expenses reimbursed to the Members
under Section 3.4 and expenses reimbursed to the Manager under Section
5.4), and less any amounts determined by the Manager to be necessary to
provide a reasonable reserve for working-capital needs or any other
contingencies of the Company.  Net Cash Flow shall be determined in
accordance with the cash receipts and disbursements method of accounting
and otherwise in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, consistently applied.  Net Cash Flow shall not be reduced by
depreciation, amortization, cost recovery deductions, depletion, similar
allowances or other non-cash items, but shall be increased by any
reduction of reserves previously established.

"New Member" has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1.

"Non-Participating Member" has the meaning set forth in Section
3.8(i)(a).

"Notice Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8(i).

"Person" includes any individual, corporation, association, partnership
(general or limited), joint venture, trust, estate, limited liability
company, or other legal entity or organization.

"Profits" and "Losses" means, for each Fiscal Year, an amount equal to
the Company's taxable income or loss for such Fiscal Year, determined in
accordance with § 703(a) of the Code (but including in taxable income or
loss, for this purpose, all items of income, gain, loss or deduction
required to be stated separately pursuant to § 703(a)(1) of the Code),
with the following adjustments:

​(i) any income of the Company exempt from federal income tax and not
otherwise taken into account in computing Profits or Losses pursuant to
this definition shall be added to such taxable income or loss;

​(ii) any expenditures of the Company described in § 705(a)(2)(B) of the
Code (or treated as expenditures described in § 705(a)(2)(B) of the Code
pursuant to Treasury Regulation § 1.704-1 (b)(2)(iv)(i)) and not
otherwise taken into account in computing Profits or Losses pursuant to
this definition shall be subtracted from such taxable income or loss;

​(iii) in the event the Gross Asset Value of any Company asset is
adjusted in accordance with Paragraph (ii) or Paragraph (iii) of the
definition of "Gross Asset Value" above, the amount of such adjustment
shall be taken into account as gain or loss from the disposition of such
asset for purposes of computing Profits or Losses;

​(iv) gain or loss resulting from any disposition of any asset of the
Company with respect to which gain or loss is recognized for federal
income tax purposes shall be computed by reference to the Gross Asset
Value of the asset disposed of, notwithstanding that the adjusted tax
basis of such asset differs from its Gross Asset Value; and

​(v) in lieu of the depreciation, amortization and other cost recovery
deductions taken into account in computing such taxable income or loss,
there shall be taken into account Depreciation for such Fiscal Year or
other period, computed in accordance with the definition of
"Depreciation" above.

"Substitute Member" means a Person who is admitted to the Company as a
Member pursuant to Section 14.1, and who is named as a Member on
**Schedule A** to this Agreement. 

"Super Majority Vote" means the written approval of, or the affirmative
vote by, Members holding at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the
Units held by Members.

"Terminated Member" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8(i).

"Terminated Units" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8(i)(a).

"Transfer" means any sale, assignment, transfer, exchange, mortgage,
pledge, grant, hypothecation or other disposition of any Units.

"Treasury Regulations" means the income tax regulations, including
temporary regulations, promulgated under the Code, as such regulations
may be amended from time to time (including corresponding provisions of
succeeding regulations).

"Unanimous Vote" means the unanimous written approval of, or the
unanimous affirmative vote by, all of the Members.

"Unit" means a share of the Company's Profits and Losses and right to
receive distributions of the Company's assets and, unless held by a
Member, shall not include the right to vote on, consent to or otherwise
participate in any decision or action of or by the Members, or any right
to information, to an accounting of the Company's affairs or to inspect
the Company's books and records; provided, that any class or series of
Units issued shall have the relative rights, powers, duties, and
obligations specified with respect to such class or group of Units in
this Agreement, and the interest of such class or series of Units in the
Company's Profits and Losses and right to receive distributions of the
Company's assets shall be determined in accordance with such relative
rights, powers, duties, and obligations.

"Unit Holder" means any Person who holds one or more Units, regardless
of whether such Person is a Member and regardless of whether such Units
were initially acquired by such Person from the Company or by assignment
from another Unit Holder.  Unless admitted as a Member, a Unit Holder
shall not have the right to vote on, consent to or otherwise participate
in any decision or action of or by the Members, or any right to
information, to an accounting of the Company's affairs or to inspect the
Company's books and records.

<a name="section-1-2"></a>Section 1.2 Headings. The headings and subheadings in this Agreement
are included for convenience and identification only and are in no way
intended to describe, interpret, define or limit the scope, extent or
intent of this Agreement or any provision.

<a name="section-1-3"></a>Section 1.3 Interpretation. Throughout this Agreement, nouns,
pronouns and verbs shall be construed as masculine, feminine, neuter,
singular or plural, whichever shall be applicable.  All references
herein to "Articles," "Sections" and paragraphs shall refer to
corresponding provisions of this Agreement.

<a name="article-2"></a>**ARTICLE II FORMATION OF LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY**

<a name="section-2-1"></a>Section 2.1  Formation. The
Members have formed DATASCOPE ANALYTICS LLC as a limited liability
company under and pursuant to the provisions of the Act and agree that
the rights, duties and liabilities of the Members and the Manager shall
be as provided in the Act, except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement.

<a name="section-2-2"></a>Section 2.2  Purpose.  The
purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for
which limited liability companies may be organized under the Act and all
related or incidental activities.

<a name="section-2-3"></a>Section 2.3  Term.  The term of
the Company commenced on the date the Articles of Organization were
filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Illinois
and shall continue indefinitely or until dissolved in accordance with
the provisions of this Agreement.

<a name="section-2-4"></a>Section 2.4 Registered Agent and Office.  The Company's registered agent and
office in Illinois shall be Business Filings Incorporated, 600 South
Second Street, Suite 103, Springfield, Illinois 62704.  At any time, the
Manager may designate another registered agent and/or registered office.

<a name="section-2-5"></a>Section 2.5 Principal Place of Business.  The principal place of
business of the Company shall initially be 180 W Adams, Suite 801,
Chicago, Illinois 60657.  Upon ten days notice to the Members, the
Manager may change the location of the Company's principal place of
business, provided that such change has no material adverse effect
upon any Member.

<a name="section-2-6"></a>Section 2.6  Qualification in Other Jurisdictions.  The Manager shall
cause the Company to be qualified, formed or registered under assumed or
fictitious name statutes or similar laws in any jurisdiction in which
the Company is required to be so qualified, formed or registered in
order to transact business in such jurisdiction.  The Manager, as an
authorized person, within the meaning of the Act, shall execute, deliver
and file any certificates (and any amendments and/or restatements
thereof) necessary for the Company to qualify to do business in a
jurisdiction in which the Company may wish to conduct business.

**ARTICLE III MEMBERSHIP**

Section 3.1 Members.

​(i) The current Members of the Company are set forth on **Schedule A**
to this Agreement, each of whom has been admitted to the Company as a
Member on or prior to the effective date of this Agreement.

​(ii) The name and mailing address of each Member shall be listed on
**Schedule A** attached hereto.  The Manager shall be required to update
**Schedule A** from time to time as necessary to accurately reflect the
information therein.  Any amendment or revision to **Schedule A** made
in accordance with this Agreement shall not be deemed an amendment to
this Agreement.  Any reference in this Agreement to **Schedule A** shall
be deemed to be a reference to **Schedule A** as amended and in effect
from time to time.

Section 3.2 Member Representations and Warranties.  Each Member
hereby represents and warrants to the other Members and the Company as
follows:

​(i) If an entity, it is duly organized and validly existing under the
laws of the state of its organization and has all the requisite power
and authority and has taken all necessary action, corporate or
otherwise, to enter into this Agreement and cause this Agreement to be a
valid and binding agreement enforceable against such Member in
accordance with its terms; if an individual, he or she is over 21 years
old and is legally competent to execute this Agreement.

​(ii) Its authorization, execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement do not conflict with any other agreement or arrangement to
which it is a party or by which it is bound.

​(iii) It (a) acknowledges that the Units are illiquid; (b) is able to
bear the economic risks of the investment in the Company for an
indefinite period; and (c) by reason of its business and financial
experience is capable of protecting its own interests and evaluating the
relative risks and merits of this investment.

​(iv) It has obtained sufficient information about the Company to reach
an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire the Units.

​(v) It understands that the Units have not been registered under the
1933 Act or any state securities acts and are instead being offered and
sold in reliance on certain exemptions for private offerings, and that
the Manager and the Company are relying upon the truth and accuracy of
the representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and
understandings set forth herein in order to determine the suitability of
the Members to acquire the Units and, further, that it may assign or
otherwise Transfer the Units with appropriate registration or the
opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company that an exemption from
such requirements is available and in accordance with Section 14.1.

​(vi) It is acquiring its Units solely for its own account for
investment and not with a view to the resale, distribution, subdivision
or fractionalization thereof; it has not entered into, and has no
present plans to enter into, any contract, undertaking, agreement or
arrangement for the resale or distribution of such Units and, further,
that it shall have control over the disposition of its property at all
time.

​(vii) If an entity, it is not a foreign corporation, foreign
partnership, foreign limited liability company or foreign estate as
those terms are defined in the Code.

Section 3.3  Powers of Members.  The Members shall have the power to exercise any and all
rights or powers granted to the Members pursuant to the express terms of
this Agreement.  The Members shall also have the power to authorize the
Manager, by Majority Vote, to possess and exercise any right or power
not already vested in the Manager pursuant to this Agreement.  In
addition to the foregoing, the Members have the power to exercise any
and all other rights or powers of the Company and do all lawful acts and
things as are not by the Act or this Agreement directed or required to
be exercised or done by the Manager.

Section 3.4  Reimbursements.  The Company shall reimburse the Members for all ordinary and
necessary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Members on behalf of
the Company.  The Manager's sole determination of which expenses may be
reimbursed to a Member and the amount of such expenses shall be
conclusive.  Such reimbursement shall be treated as an expense of the
Company that shall be deducted in computing the Net Cash Flow and shall
not be deemed to constitute a distributive share of Profits or a
distribution or return of capital to any Member.

Section 3.5  Partition. 
Each Member waives, until termination of the Company, any and all rights
that it may have to maintain an action for partition of the Company's
property.

Section 3.6  Withdrawal. A
Member may not withdraw from the Company without the written consent of
all of the other Members.  

Section 3.7  Termination of Membership. 

​(i) Except as otherwise unanimously agreed in writing by the other
Members, the occurrence of any of the following events with respect to
any Member will terminate the membership of that Member in the Company:

​(a) The death of the Member;

​(b) The Extended Disability of the Member;

​(c) The divorce of any Member, if in connection with any divorce
proceedings any court orders the Member to transfer all or a portion of
such Member's Units to such Member's spouse or otherwise;

​(d) Any other involuntary Transfer or Transfer by operation of law of
all or a portion of the Member's Units or any circumstances where such
Transfer is reasonably foreseeable;

​(f) The Bankruptcy of the Member;

​(g) The dissolution of the Member;

​(h) The termination of the Member's employment with the Company for any
reason other than Cause;

​(i) The withdrawal of the Member in compliance with Section 3.6; and

​(j) The expulsion of the Member in accordance with Section 3.7(ii).

​(ii) A Member shall be expelled from the Company and its membership
shall be terminated (a) upon the unanimous determination in writing by
the other Members that the Member should be removed for Cause or (b)
pursuant to subdivision (6) of §35-45 of the Act.  As used in this
Agreement, "Cause" shall mean any of the following: (1) embezzlement of
Company assets; (2) conviction of a misdemeanor involving theft,
dishonesty or moral turpitude against the Company; (3) conviction of a
felony; (4) gross negligence or serious misconduct causing a material
harm to the Company; (5) breach of the Non-Competition and/or
Confidentiality provisions of Article XII of this Agreement; or (6)
material breach of any other material term of this Agreement or of any
material written policy, rule or regulation of the Company upon failure
to cure such breach within ninety (90) days of written notice of such
breach from two (2) or more Members.

Section 3.8  Effects of Termination of Membership.

​(i) If a Member's membership is terminated under Section 3.7(i) (the
"Terminated Member"), the Manager shall provide written notice to the
other Members on a date (the "Notice Date") that is not later than
thirty (30) days following the date that the Manager first learned of
the occurrence of the event giving rise to such termination and the
following shall occur:

​(a) The Members other than the Terminated Member shall, except as
otherwise unanimously agreed in writing by such Members, have an option
to buy all (but not less than all) of the Units held by the Terminated
Member ("Terminated Units").  Each Member may exercise such option by
giving all of the other Members written notice not later than thirty
(30) calendar days after the Notice Date.  Any Member exercising such
option shall purchase its pro rata portion of the Terminated Units (on a
class by class and series by series basis); provided, that if any Member
wants to purchase less than such Member's full pro-rata portion of the
Terminated Units (a "Non-Participating Member"), such Non-Participating
Member shall give written notice thereof to the other Members not later
than fifteen (15) calendar days after the Notice Date.  In such case,
the other Members may opt, by written notice to all of the Members, to
purchase their pro-rata percentage (and up to any greater percentage
specified by such Member in such notice) of the portion of the
Terminated Units not purchased by the Non-Participating Member(s).  In
the event that the Members other than the Terminated Member do not
exercise the option to purchase all (but not less than all) of the
Terminated Units in accordance with this Section 3.8(i)(a), then no
Member shall have the right to purchase any of the Terminated Units and
the Company shall have the option to purchase all (but not less than
all) of the Terminated Units at any time on or prior to the one (1) year
anniversary of the Notice Date.  In the event that the Company does not
exercise the option to purchase all (but not less than all) of the
Terminated Units in accordance with this Section 3.8(i)(a), then no
Transfer of the Terminated Units shall occur and the Terminated Member
shall remain a Unit Holder in the Company.

​(b) The purchase price of any Terminated Units to be purchased under
Section 3.8(i)(a) shall be the amount the Terminated Member would be
entitled to receive for such Terminated Units on a hypothetical
liquidation of the Company under Section 15.4 if the net proceeds of
liquidation available for distribution after taking into effect the
distributions to creditors under Section 15.4(i) were equal to the fair
market value of the Company determined as of the Notice Date in
accordance with the valuation methodology set forth on **Schedule B**;
provided, that if a Member's membership is terminated under Section
3.7(i)(j) on account of the expulsion of the Member in accordance with
Section 3.7(ii), the purchase price of any Terminated Units otherwise
determined in accordance with this Section 3.8(i)(b)****shall be reduced
by twenty-five percent (25%).  

​(c) The Members or the Company, as applicable, shall purchase the
Terminated Units within 90 days (or such longer period specified in
Section 3.8(i)(a)) following the Notice Date at a closing to be held
during normal business hours at the Company's principal business office,
or at any other place to which the parties agree.  At the closing, (1)
the Terminated Member or, where applicable, the executor, administrator,
personal representative, or trustee of the Terminated Member's estate,
shall execute and deliver to the purchasing Members or Company any and
all documents and instruments necessary to effect the transfer of the
Terminated Units to such Members or Company, (2) the purchasing Members
or Company will pay to the Terminated Member or, where applicable, the
executor, administrator, personal representative, or trustee of the
Terminated Member's estate, the purchase price for the Terminated Units
determined under Section 3.8(i)(b) in cash, and (3) the Company will
change its books to indicate the change in ownership of the Terminated
Units.  If the Terminated Member or, where applicable, the executor,
administrator, personal representative, or trustee of the Terminated
Member's estate, is not present at the closing, the purchasing Members
or Company shall deposit the purchase price with any state or federally
chartered bank in Illinois, as escrow agent, to be paid to the
Terminated Member as soon as is reasonably practicable, less an
appropriate fee to the Company (not to exceed one thousand dollars
(\$1,000)) to pay for administrative costs, and the Company will adjust
its books to reflect that the Terminated Units have been transferred. 
No further action shall be needed by any party for the full and complete
transfer of the Terminated Units under this Agreement. 

​(ii) If a Member withdraws in violation of Section 3.6 or is expelled
from the Company under Section 3.7(ii), the Company may recover damages
from the Member and may offset the Company's damages against any amount
owed to the Member for distributions or otherwise.  

**ARTICLE IV CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS, UNITS, CAPITAL ACCOUNTS AND ADVANCES**

Section 4.1  Capital Contributions.

​(i) Each Unit Holder has contributed or is deemed to have contributed
to the capital of the Company such amount as shall be reflected from
time to time in the books and records of the Company. 

​(ii) No Unit Holder shall be required to make any additional capital
contribution to the Company.  However, a Unit Holder may make additional
capital contributions to the Company with the written consent of all of
the Members.

Section 4.2  Units.

A Unit Holder's economic interest in the Company shall be represented by
the "Unit" or "Units" held by such Unit Holder.  Each Unit Holder's
respective Units shall be set forth on **Schedule A** attached hereto. 
Each Unit Holder hereby agrees that its interest in the Company and in
its Units shall for all purposes be personal property.  A Unit Holder
has no interest in specific Company property.

The Manager is authorized to issue Class B Units to existing Members, or
to New Members, as consideration for the provision of services to or for
the benefit of the Company.  Class B Units shall be divided into
separate series based on the date of issuance of such Class B Units.  In
connection with the issuance of any series of Class B Units by the
Company, the Manager shall establish a "Company Value at Issuance" with
respect to such series of Class B Units.  The Company Value at Issuance
shall normally represent the amount that would be distributed to the
holders of all of the Units pursuant to Section 8.1 immediately prior to
the issuance of the new series of Class B Units if the Company sold its
assets for their fair market value at such time (as determined in
accordance with the valuation methodology set forth on **Schedule B**),
paid its obligations and liabilities and distributed the net proceeds to
its Members.  As a result, Members who are issued Class B Units with
such a Company Value at Issuance shall not be entitled to receive any
distributions from the Company on such Class B Units unless and until
the Company generates Profits after the date of issuance of such Class B
Units, and therefore such Class B Units shall be treated for tax
purposes as profit interests and not as capital interests, as those
terms are defined in Rev. Proc. 93-27, 1993-2 C.B. 343.  The Manager
shall, however, have the authority to establish any Company Value at
Issuance, and the Manager's determination of the Company Value at
Issuance shall be final, binding and conclusive on all Members.  The
Company Value at Issuance and the date of issuance / series designation
of the Class B Units issued to any Member shall be as set forth on the
attached **Schedule A**.

Section 4.3  Status of Capital Contributions.

​(i) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the amount of a
Unit Holder's Capital Contributions may be returned to it, in whole or
in part, at any time, but only with the consent of all Members.  Any
such returns of Capital Contributions shall be made to all Unit Holders
in proportion to the number of Units then held by each Unit Holder. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no return of a Unit Holder's Capital
Contributions shall be made hereunder if such distribution would violate
applicable state law.  Under circumstances requiring a return of any
Capital Contribution, no Unit Holder shall have the right to demand or
receive property other than cash, except as may be specifically provided
in this Agreement.

​(ii) No Unit Holder shall receive any interest, salary or drawing with
respect to its Capital Contributions or its Capital Account or for
services rendered on behalf of the Company or otherwise in its capacity
as a Unit Holder, except as otherwise specifically provided in this
Agreement and except for any compensation and benefits provided to any
Unit Holder in such Unit Holder's capacity as an employee of the
Company.

​(iii) Except as otherwise provided herein and by applicable state law,
the Members shall be liable only to make their capital contributions
pursuant to Section 4.1, and no Member or Assignee shall be required to
lend any funds to the Company or, after a Member's Capital Contributions
have been fully paid pursuant to Section 4.1, to make any additional
capital contributions to the Company.  No Unit Holder shall have any
personal liability for the repayment of any Capital Contribution of any
other Member or Assignee.

Section 4.4  Capital Accounts.

​(i) An individual Capital Account shall be established and maintained
for each Unit Holder.  The original Capital Account established for any
Unit Holder who acquires an interest in the Company by virtue of an
assignment in accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall be in
the same amount as, and shall replace, the Capital Account of the
assignor of such interest, and, for purposes of this Agreement, such
Unit Holder shall be deemed to have made the Capital Contributions made
by the assignor of such interest (or made by such assignor's predecessor
in interest).  To the extent such Unit Holder acquires less than the
entire interest in the Company of the assignor of the interest so
acquired by such Unit Holder, the original Capital Account of such Unit
Holder and its Capital Contributions shall be in proportion to the
interest it acquires, and the Capital Account of the assignor who
retains a partial interest in the Company, and the amount of its Capital
Contributions, shall be reduced in proportion to the interest it
retains.

​(ii) The Capital Account of each Unit Holder shall be maintained in
accordance with the following provisions:

​(a) to such Unit Holder's Capital Account there shall be credited such
Unit Holder's Capital Contributions, such Unit Holder's distributive
share of Profits and the amount of any Company liabilities that are
assumed by such Unit Holder or that are secured by any Company assets
distributed to such Unit Holder;

​(b) to such Unit Holder's Capital Account there shall be debited the
amount of cash and the Gross Asset Value of any Company assets
distributed to such Unit Holder pursuant to any provision of this
Agreement, such Unit Holder's distributive share of Losses and the
amount of any liabilities of such Unit Holder that are assumed by the
Company or that are secured by any property contributed by such Unit
Holder to the Company; and

​(c) in determining the amount of any liability for purposes of this
Subsection (ii), there shall be taken into account § 752(c) of the Code
and any other applicable provisions of the Code and the Treasury
Regulations.

Section 4.5  Advances. If
any Unit Holder shall advance any funds to the Company in excess of its
Capital Contributions, the amount of such advance shall neither increase
its Capital Account nor entitle it to any increase in its share of the
distributions of the Company.  The amount of any such advance shall be a
debt obligation of the Company to such Unit Holder and shall be repaid
to it by the Company with interest accruing monthly at a rate equal to
the greater of (i) 4% above the current United States Prime Rate as
listed in the Wall Street Journal; and (ii) 8%, unless otherwise agreed
to between the Unit Holder and the Manager, and upon such other terms
and conditions as shall be mutually determined by such Unit Holder and
the Manager.  Any such advance shall be payable and collectible only out
of Company assets, and the other Unit Holders shall not be personally
obligated to repay any part thereof.  No Person who makes any
nonrecourse loan to the Company shall have or acquire, as a result of
making such loan, any direct or indirect interest in the profits,
capital or property of the Company, other than as a creditor.

  
**ARTICLE V MANAGERS**

Section 5.1  Designation of Manager.  The management of the Company's business shall
be vested in one or more Managers designated by the Members.  At any
time there is more than one Manager, any determination, decision or
action required or permitted to be made hereunder by the Manager
concerning the conduct of the Company's business shall be made by a vote
of the majority of the Managers.  A Manager (i) may be but need not be a
Member or a natural person, (ii) shall be designated, appointed,
elected, removed or replaced by a Super Majority Vote, (iii) shall
execute an instrument reasonably satisfactory to the Members accepting
and agreeing to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and (iv)
unless it has been removed or has resigned, shall hold office until its
successor has been elected and qualified.  The Members hereby designate
[INSERT MANAGER NAME] and [INSERT MANAGER NAME] to be the initial
Managers, and [INSERT MANAGER NAME] and [INSERT MANAGER NAME] hereby
accept and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.

Section 5.2  Manager as Agent; General Powers.  The Manager, subject to the limitations of
its powers set forth in this Agreement, is an agent of the Company for
the purpose of the Company's business and shall have all rights and
powers required or appropriate to the management of the Company's
business, and the actions of the Manager taken in accordance with such
powers shall bind the Company. The Manager shall have the power, on
behalf of the Company, to do all things necessary or convenient to carry
out the business and affairs of the Company, including, the power to: 
(i) purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property other than real
property as long as such transaction does not obligate the Company to
pay or assume liability more than \$10,000; (ii) sell, convey, lease,
exchange or otherwise dispose (other than by mortgage, grant of a
security interest, pledge, or other encumbrance) any property (other
than real property) having a value of \$10,000 or less; (iii) open one
or more depository accounts and make deposits into and checks and
withdrawals against such accounts; (iv) borrow money, incur liabilities,
and other obligations of \$10,000 or less; (v) enter into any and all
agreements and execute any and all contracts, documents and instruments
as long as such transaction does not obligate the Company to pay or
assume liability more than \$10,000; (vi) obtain insurance covering the
business and affairs of the Company and its property and on the lives
and well being of its Member employees and agents; (vii) commence,
prosecute or defend any proceeding in the Company's name; and (viii)
hire employees and agents, define their respective duties, and establish
their compensation or remuneration.  For all purposes under this Section
5.2, related transactions shall be combined to determine if any \$10,000
threshold has been met.

Section 5.3  Limitations on Powers of Manager.  Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, a Unanimous Vote
of the Members shall be required for any of the following actions to be
taken by the Company: (i) any purchase, receipt, lease, exchange or
other acquisition of any real or personal property or business other
than as allowed under Section 5.2 of this Agreement; (ii) the sale,
conveyance, lease, exchange or other disposition of any property having
a value of over \$10,000; (iii) any mortgage, grant of security
interest, pledge or encumbrance upon the assets and property of the
Company; (iv) incurring liabilities and other obligations in an amount
greater than \$10,000; (v) approval of any financing arrangement that
would require personal guarantees by the Members; (vi) any call for
additional capital contributions from the Members; (vii) establishing
pension plans, trusts, profit sharing plans and other benefit and
incentive plans for Members, employees or agents of the Company; (viii)
participating with others in partnerships, joint ventures and other
associations and strategic alliances; (ix) any merger or consolidation
of the Company with or into any other entity; (x) admission of one or
more new Members or issuance of an option to purchase an interest in the
Company; (xi) any amendment or restatement of the Articles or this
Agreement; (xii) any confession of judgment against the Company (xiii)
any decision to dissolve or liquidate the Company or to file a petition
requesting or consenting to an order for relief under the federal
bankruptcy laws; (xiv) any matter which could result in a change in the
amount or character of the Company's capital; (xv) any change in the
character of the business and affairs of the Company; (xvi) the
commission of any act which would make it impossible for the Company to
carry on its ordinary business and affairs; or (xvii) any act that would
contravene any provision of the Articles or this Agreement or the Act.

Section 5.4  Reimbursement of Manager Expenses.  The Company shall
reimburse each Manager for all ordinary and necessary out-of-pocket
expenses incurred by the Manager on behalf of the Company.  Such
reimbursement shall be treated as an expense of the Company that shall
be deducted in computing the Net Cash Flow and shall not be deemed to
constitute a distributive share of Profits or a distribution or return
of capital to the Manager.

Section 5.5  Removal of Manager.

​(i) A Manager may be removed with or without cause by a Super Majority
Vote.

​(ii) Any removal of a Manager shall become effective on such date as
may be specified by the Members voting in favor thereof.  Should a
Manager that is removed also be a Member, such Member shall continue to
participate in the Company as a Member and shall share in the Profits,
Losses and Net Cash Flow in the same ratios, as provided in Articles VII
and VIII, as were applicable to such Member before its removal as
Manager.

Section 5.6  Resignation of Manager.  A Manager may resign from his position as a
Manager at any time upon not less than 30 days' prior written notice to
all of the Members.

Section 5.7  Officers.  The
Company may have such officers (including a President, who shall have
the same authority to act for the Company as a chief executive officer
of a Illinois corporation would have to act for a Illinois corporation,
and one or more Vice Presidents) as shall be determined by the Manager,
and the authority and duties of each officer shall be determined by the
Manager.  All officers shall be appointed by the Manager and may be
removed at any time by the Manager with or without cause.  Unless the
authority of the individual designated as the officer in question is
limited in the document appointing such officer, any officer shall have
the same authority to act for the Company as a corresponding officer of
an Illinois corporation would have to act for an Illinois corporation in
the absence of a specific delegation of authority.  Officers shall not
be entitled to receive compensation from the Company for serving as
officers, except to the extent reasonably determined by the Manager and
approved by a Unanimous Vote.

**ARTICLE VI ACTION BY MEMBERS; AMENDMENTS**

Section 6.1  Meetings; Action without Meeting.

​(i) Meetings of the Members may be called by the Manager and shall be
called by the Manager upon the written request of any Member.  The call
shall state the location of the meeting and the nature of the business
to be transacted.  Notice of any such meeting shall be given to all
Members not less than seven business days nor more than 30 days prior to
the date of such meeting.  Members may vote in person or by proxy at
such meeting.  The Members may take any action required or permitted to
be taken at any meeting of the Members without a meeting, by written
consent signed by Members having not less than the minimum percentage of
outstanding Units that would be necessary to authorize or take that
action at a meeting at which all Members entitled to vote thereon were
represented or voted.  Such written consent shall be filed with the
minutes of proceedings of meetings of the Members.

​(ii) Any action requiring the consent, approval determination or vote
of Members under this Agreement may be taken with a Majority Vote,
unless this Agreement expressly requires a greater vote or consent. 

Section 6.2  Amendments. 
Any amendment to this Agreement shall be adopted and be effective as an
amendment hereto if it receives a Unanimous Vote.

Section 6.3  Amendments Without Consent of Members.  Anything
contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the Manager
may amend this Agreement without the consent of the Members in order to
clarify any clerical inaccuracy or ambiguity or reconcile any
inconsistency. 

**ARTICLE VII ALLOCATIONS**

Section 7.1  Profits and Losses.

​(i) Subject to the allocation rules of Section 7.2, Profits for any
Fiscal Year shall be allocated among the Unit Holders in proportion to
the number of Units held by each Unit Holder.

​(ii) Subject to the allocation rules of Section 7.2, Losses for any
Fiscal Year shall be allocated among the Unit Holders in proportion to
the number of Units held by each Unit Holder.

Section 7.2  Allocation Rules.

​(i) In the event Members are admitted to the Company pursuant to this
Agreement on different dates, the Profits (or Losses) allocated to the
Unit Holders for each Fiscal Year during which Members are so admitted
shall be allocated among the Unit Holders in proportion to the number of
Units each holds from time to time during such Fiscal Year in accordance
with § 706 of the Code, using any convention permitted by law and
selected by the Manager.

​(ii) For purposes of determining the Profits, Losses or any other items
allocable to any period, Profits, Losses and any such other items shall
be determined on a daily, monthly or other basis, as determined by the
Manager using any method that is permissible under § 706 of the Code and
the Treasury Regulations thereunder.

​(iii) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all items of
Company income, gain, loss, deduction and any other allocations not
otherwise provided for shall be divided among the Unit Holders in the
same proportions as they share Profits and Losses for the Fiscal Year in
question.

​(iv) The Members are aware of the income tax consequences of the
allocations made by this Article VII and hereby agree to be bound by the
provisions of this Article VII in reporting their shares of Company
income and loss for income tax purposes.

Section 7.3  Tax Allocations; Section 704(c) of the Code.

​(i) In accordance with § 704(c) of the Code and the Treasury
Regulations thereunder, income, gain, loss and deduction with respect to
any property contributed to the capital of the Company shall, solely for
income tax purposes, be allocated among the Unit Holders so as to take
account of any variation between the adjusted basis of such property to
the Company for federal income tax purposes and its initial Gross Asset
Value (computed in accordance with Section 1.1).

​(ii) In the event the Gross Asset Value of any Company asset is
adjusted pursuant to Paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Gross Asset
Value" contained in Section 1.1, subsequent allocations of income, gain,
loss and deduction with respect to such asset shall take account of any
variation between the adjusted basis of such asset for federal income
tax purposes and its Gross Asset Value in the same manner as under
§ 704(c) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder.

​(iii) Any elections or other decisions relating to allocations under
this Section 7.3, including the selection of any allocation method
permitted under § 704(c) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations
thereunder, shall be made by the Manager in any manner that reasonably
reflects the purpose and intention of this Agreement.  Allocations
pursuant to this Section 7.3 are solely for purposes of federal, state
and local taxes and shall not affect, or in any way be taken into
account in computing, any Unit Holder's Capital Account or share of
Profits, Losses, other items or distributions pursuant to any provision
of this Agreement.

**ARTICLE VIII DISTRIBUTIONS**

Section 8.1  Net Cash Flow. Except as otherwise provided in Article XV (relating to the
dissolution of the Company), any distribution of the Net Cash Flow
during any Fiscal Year shall be made to the Unit Holders in proportion
to the number of Units held by each Unit Holder.

Section 8.2  Distribution Rules.

​(i) All distributions pursuant to Section 8.1 shall be at such times
and in such amounts as shall be determined by the Manager; provided,
however, that the Manager shall use its best efforts to cause the
Company to distribute to the Unit Holders an amount of Net Cash Flow as
shall be sufficient to enable the Unit Holders to fund their federal and
state income tax liabilities attributable to their respective
distributive shares of the taxable income of the Company.

​(ii) All amounts withheld pursuant to the Code or any provision of any
state or local tax law with respect to any payment, distribution or
allocation to the Company or the Unit Holders shall be treated as
amounts distributed to the Unit Holders pursuant to this Article VIII
for all purposes of this Agreement.  The Manager is authorized to
withhold from distributions, or with respect to allocations, to the Unit
Holders and to pay over to any federal, state or local government any
amounts required to be so withheld pursuant to the Code or any provision
of any other federal, state or local law and shall allocate such amounts
to those Unit Holders with respect to which such amounts were withheld.

Section 8.3  Limitations on Distribution.  Notwithstanding any provision to the
contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall not make a
distribution to any Unit Holder on account of its interest in the
Company if such distribution would violate § 25-30 of the Act or other
applicable law.

Section 8.4  Guaranteed Payments.  Each Member shall receive guaranteed payments for
services rendered at such times and in such amounts as shall be
determined by the Manager.

**ARTICLE IX ACCOUNTING AND RECORDS**

Section 9.1  Financial and Tax Reporting. The Company shall prepare its
financial statements and its income tax information returns using such
methods of accounting and tax year as the Manager deems necessary or
appropriate under the Code and Treasury Regulations.

Section 9.2  Supervision; Inspection of Books. Proper and
complete books of account and records of the business of the Company
shall be kept under the supervision of the Manager at the Company's
principal office and at such other place as designated by the Manager. 
The Manager shall give notice to each Member of any changes in the
location of such books and records.  Such books and records shall be
open to inspection, audit and copying by any Member, or his designated
representative, upon reasonable notice at any time during business hours
for any purpose reasonably related to the Member's interest in the
Company.  Any information so obtained or copied shall be kept and
maintained in strictest confidence except as required by law.

Section 9.3  Reliance on Records and Books of Account. Any Member
shall be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records and
books of account of the Company and upon such information, opinions,
reports or statements presented to the Company by its Manager, any of
its Members, officers, employees or committees, or by any other person,
as to matters the Manager reasonably believes are within such other
person's professional or expert competence and who has been selected
with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Company, including
information, opinions, reports or statements as to the value and amount
of the assets, liabilities, profits or losses of the Company or any
other facts pertinent to the existence and amount of assets from which
distributions to members might properly be paid.

Section 9.4  Annual Reports. The annual financial statements of the Company shall be
reported on by the Company as of the end of each Fiscal Year.  A copy of
the annual report shall be transmitted to the Members as soon as
practicable after the end of each Fiscal Year.

Section 9.5  Tax Returns. The Manager shall, as soon as practicable after the end of each
Fiscal Year and on or prior to the applicable due date (including any
applicable extensions), file a federal income tax information return and
transmit to each Member a schedule showing such Member's share of each
item of Company income, gain, loss, deduction or credit for such Fiscal
Year for income tax purposes, and all other information necessary for
such Members timely to file their federal income tax returns.  The
Manager similarly shall file, and provide information to the Members
regarding, all appropriate state and local income tax returns.

**ARTICLE X TAX MATTERS**

Section 10.1  Tax Matters Member.

​(i) [INSERT A LUCKY MEMBER'S NAME NERE] is hereby designated as the
initial Tax Matters Member, who shall be the Company's "Tax Matters
Partner" for purposes of § 6231 (a)(7) of the Code and shall have the
power to manage and control, on behalf of the Company, any
administrative proceeding at the Company level with the Internal Revenue
Service relating to the determination of any item of Company income,
gain, loss, deduction or credit for federal income tax purposes.

​(ii) The Tax Matters Member shall, within ten days after the receipt of
any notice from the Internal Revenue Service in any administrative
proceeding at the Company level relating to the determination of any
Company item of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit, mail a copy of
such notice to each Unit Holder.

​(iii) The Members may by Unanimous Vote at any time hereafter designate
a new Tax Matters Member; provided, however, that only a Member may be
designated as the Tax Matters Member of the Company.

Section 10.2  Right to Make Tax Election.  The Tax Matters Member may, in its
discretion, make or revoke, on behalf of the Company, any tax election
under the Code or the Treasury Regulations, except an election to be
treated as a corporation, or under state, local or foreign law.

**ARTICLE XI LIABILITY, EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION**

Section 11.1  Liability.

​(i) Except as otherwise provided by the Act, the debts, obligations and
liabilities of the Company, whether arising in contract, tort or
otherwise, shall be solely the debts, obligations and liabilities of the
Company, and no Covered Person shall be obligated personally for any
such debt, obligation or liability of the Company solely by reason of
being a Covered Person.

​(ii) Except as otherwise expressly required by law, a Member, in its
capacity as such, shall have no liability in excess of (a) the amount of
its Capital Contributions, (b) its share of any assets and undistributed
profits of the Company, (c) its obligation to make other payments
expressly provided for in this Agreement, and (d) the amount of any
distributions wrongfully distributed to it.

Section 11.2  Exculpation.

​(i) No Covered Person shall be liable to the Company or any other
Covered Person for any loss, damage or claim incurred by reason of any
act or omission performed or omitted by such Covered Person in a manner
reasonably believed to be within the scope of authority conferred on
such Covered Person by this Agreement, unless such act or omission was
performed or omitted fraudulently or in bad faith or constituted gross
negligence or willful misconduct.

​(ii) A Covered Person shall be fully protected in relying in good faith
upon the records of the Company and upon such information, opinions,
reports or statements presented to the Company by any Person as to
matters the Covered Person reasonably believes are within such other
Person's professional or expert competence and who has been selected
with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Company, including
information, opinions, reports or statements as to the value and amount
of the assets, liabilities, Profits, Losses or Net Cash Flow or any
other facts pertinent to the existence and amount of assets from which
distributions to Members might properly be paid.

Section 11.3  Indemnification.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, a Covered
Person shall be entitled to indemnification from the Company for any
loss, damage or claim, including any judgment, award, settlement,
reasonable attorney's fees and other reasonable costs or expenses,
incurred by such Covered Person by reason of any act or omission
performed or omitted, or alleged act or omission, by such Covered Person
in good faith on behalf of the Company and in a manner reasonably
believed to be within the scope of authority conferred on such Covered
Person by this Agreement, except that no Covered Person shall be
entitled to be indemnified in respect of any loss, damage or claim
incurred by such Covered Person by reason of the Covered Person's
failure to act in good faith, fraud, gross negligence or willful
misconduct with respect to such acts or omissions; provided, however,
the Company shall not be obligated to indemnify any such Covered Person
(i) for proceedings, claims or actions initiated or brought voluntarily
by such Covered Person and not by way of defense or (ii) for any amount
paid in settlement without the Company's prior written consent; and
provided further, that any indemnity under this Section 11.3 shall be
provided out of and to the extent of Company assets only, and no Covered
Person shall have any personal liability on account thereof.

Section 11.4  Expenses.  To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, expenses (including
legal fees) incurred by a Covered Person in defending any claim, demand,
action, suit or proceeding shall, from time to time, be advanced by the
Company prior to the final disposition of such claim, demand, action,
suit or proceeding upon receipt by the Company of an undertaking by or
on behalf of the Covered Person to repay such amount if it shall be
determined that the Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified as
authorized in Section 11.3.

**ARTICLE XII NON-COMPETITION; CONFIDENTIALITY**

Section 12.1  Outside Businesses. Subject to Section 12.2, any Member, Manager or
Affiliate thereof may engage in or possess an interest in other business
ventures of any nature or description, independently or with others, and
the Company, the Members and the Manager shall have no rights by virtue
of this Agreement in and to such independent ventures or the income or
profits derived therefrom, and the pursuit of any such venture shall not
be deemed wrongful or improper.  

Section 12.2  Non-Competition. Each Member agrees that during the period that such Member is
a Member of the Company, plus two (2) years after the date that such
Member is no longer a Member of the Company, neither it nor any of its
Affiliates shall, without the prior written consent of the Members,
which consent may be withheld at the discretion of the Members, (i)
engage in or in any manner be directly connected or concerned with,
whether as an officer, director, stockholder, partner, owner, employee,
substantial creditor, consultant or otherwise, the establishment,
operation, management, or conduct of any business that is substantially
similar to or competitive with the data science consultancy business of
the Company, or (ii) solicit any person then or previously employed by
the Company to join such Member or an Affiliate of the Member, whether
as a partner, agent, employee, consultant or otherwise, in any
enterprise primarily engaged in a business that is substantially similar
to or competitive with the data science consultancy business of the
Company; provided, however, that nothing contained herein shall prohibit
a Member or its Affiliates from acquiring or retaining ownership of up
to 5% of the outstanding shares or other equity interest of a
publicly-held corporation or other business entity.  In addition to any
other rights or remedies the Company may have, if the Member is found to
be violating or to have violated this provision, it shall be obligated
to disgorge to the Company any and all profits from any such competing
activity and the Company shall have the right to offset the amount of
any such profits against any amount owed to the Member for distributions
or otherwise.

Each Member agrees that the covenants of this Section 12.2 are
reasonable in scope and essential to the preservation of the Company's
business.

Section 12.3 Confidentiality.

​(i) Each Member acknowledges that it has and will have access to
confidential and proprietary information and trade secrets of the
Company.  Such confidential and proprietary information and trade
secrets include product design, business practices, marketing, cost and
pricing information, financial analyses and forecasts and other similar
information (collectively, the "Information").  The Member covenants and
agrees to keep all such Information of the Company confidential and not
to disclose any such Information to persons or entities unless expressly
authorized in writing by the Company.  The Member shall limit internal
dissemination of Information within its own organization to persons,
employees and agents employed or working on their respective behalves,
whose duties justify the need to know such Information and then only
provided that such individuals have a clear understanding of the
obligations of this Agreement with respect to the Information and
expressly agree to the terms and conditions of confidentiality set forth
herein and to be bound thereby.

​(ii) Each Member agrees to, upon ceasing to be a Member of the Company,
deliver all written Information of the Company, including all copies,
summaries, analyses or extracts thereof, to the Company.

​(iii) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Information
shall not include (a) any information which is at the time of disclosure
available to the general public through no fault of the disclosing
Member, or (b) information which can be demonstrated by the disclosing
Member to have been in its possession prior to the disclosure or
transmittal to that Member by the Company.

Section 12.4  Acknowledgement; Remedies for Breach. Each Member acknowledges and agrees
that the covenants in Sections 12.2 and 12.3 are (i) reasonable in scope
and essential to the preservation of the Company's business and (ii)
***in addition to***, and not in lieu of, any non-solicitation,
confidentiality and/or non-competition obligations and other obligations
that such Member may have, or any rights or remedies the Company may
have, whether by agreement, fiduciary obligation or otherwise.

Each Member acknowledges and agrees that in the event of a breach by
such Member of its covenants contained in Section 12.2 or 12.3, the
Company shall be entitled to an injunction restraining such breach in
addition to any other remedies provided by law.  In addition, the
Company shall have the right to offset its damages from such breach
against any amount owed for distributions or otherwise to the breaching
Member.

**ARTICLE XIII ADMISSION OF NEW MEMBERS; OFFERING OF ADDITIONAL UNITS**

Section 13.1  Admission of New Members.  During the month of December of each
Fiscal Year or at such other time as shall be agreed by Unanimous Vote
of the Members, the Members shall determine by Unanimous Vote whether to
offer, and the terms of such offer, any Person the ability to become a
new Member of the Company effective as of January 1 of the following
Fiscal Year, whereupon the Manager shall deliver the terms of such offer
to such Person in writing ("Membership Offer").  The Membership Offer
shall include the number of Class B Units in the Company to be issued to
such Person and the Company Value at Issuance for such Class B Units. 
Any Person who accepts the Membership Offer (a "New Member") shall be
admitted as a Member of the Company at the time such Person (i) executes
this Agreement or a counterpart of this Agreement and (ii) is named as a
Member on **Schedule A** to this Agreement.

Section 13.2  Issuance of Class B Units to Existing Members. 
During the month of December of each Fiscal Year or at such other time
as shall be agreed by Unanimous Vote of the Members, the Members shall
determine by Unanimous Vote whether to issue Class B Units to any
existing Member(s) as consideration for the provision of services to or
for the benefit of the Company during such Fiscal Year, and the number
of Class B Units to be issued to any existing Member(s), effective as of
January 1 of the following Fiscal Year.  Upon such determination, the
Manager shall specify the Company Value at Issuance for such Class B
Units and cause the Company to issue such Class B Units to the
applicable Members effective as of January 1 of the following Fiscal
Year.

Section 13.3 Offers of Additional Units.  By Unanimous Vote of the Members, the
Company is authorized to raise additional capital by offering and
selling, or causing to be offered and sold, additional Units in the
Company ("Additional Units") to any Person in such amounts and on such
terms as the Members may determine by Unanimous Vote.  Each Person who
subscribes for any of the Additional Units shall be admitted as an
additional member of the Company (each, an "Additional Member" and
collectively, the "Additional Members") at the time such Person (i)
executes this Agreement or a counterpart of this Agreement and (ii) is
named as a Member on **Schedule A** to this Agreement.

Section 13.4  Allocations. Additional Units shall not be entitled to any retroactive allocation
of the Company's income, gains, losses, deductions, credits or other
items; provided that, subject to the restrictions of § 706(d) of the
Code, Additional Units shall be entitled to their respective share of
the Company's income, gains, losses, deductions, credits and other items
arising under contracts entered into before the effective date of the
issuance of any Additional Units to the extent that such income, gains,
losses, deductions, credits and other items arise after such effective
date.  To the extent consistent with § 706(d) of the Code and Treasury
Regulations promulgated thereunder, the Company's books may be closed at
the time Additional Units are issued (as though the Company's tax year
had ended) or the Company may credit to the Additional Units pro rata
allocations of the Company's income, gains, losses, deductions, credits
and items for that portion of the Company's Fiscal Year after the
effective date of the issuance of the Additional Units.

**ARTICLE XIV ASSIGNABILITY AND SUBSTITUTE MEMBERS**

Section 14.1  Assignability of Units.  Except as otherwise expressly provided under
Section 3.7 (Termination of Membership), no Member or other Unit Holder
may assign or otherwise Transfer all or any part of its Units or other
interests in the Company without the prior written consent of each other
Member, which consent may be given or withheld in the sole and absolute
discretion of each such other Member.  If the prior written consent of
all of the other Members is obtained for any such assignment, such
assignment shall, nevertheless, not entitle the assignee to become a
Substitute Member or to be entitled to exercise or receive any of the
rights, powers or benefits of a Member other than the right to receive
distributions to which the assigning Member would be entitled, unless
the assigning Member designates, in a written instrument delivered to
the other Members, its assignee to become a Substitute Member and all of
the other Members, in their sole and absolute discretion, consent to the
admission of such assignee as a Member; and provided further, that such
assignee shall not become a Substitute Member without having first
executed an instrument reasonably satisfactory to the other Members
accepting and agreeing to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
including a counterpart signature page to this Agreement, and without
having paid to the Company a fee sufficient to cover all reasonable
expenses of the Company in connection with such assignee's admission as
a Substitute Member.  If a Member assigns all of its interest in the
Company and the assignee of such interest is entitled to become a
Substitute Member pursuant to this Section 14.1, such assignee shall be
admitted to the Company effective immediately prior to the effective
date of the assignment, and, immediately following such admission, the
assigning Member shall cease to be a member of the Company.  

Section 14.2  Recognition of Assignment by Company.  No assignment or
other Transfer, or any part thereof, that is in violation of this
Article XIV shall be valid or effective, and neither the Company nor the
Members shall recognize the same for the purpose of making distributions
of Net Cash Flow pursuant to Section 8.1 with respect to such Company
interest or part thereof.  Neither the Company nor the nonassigning
Members shall incur any liability as a result of refusing to make any
such distributions to the assignee of any such invalid assignment or
other Transfer.

Section 14.3  Indemnification.  In the case of any Transfer or attempted Transfer of an
interest in the Company that has not received the consents required by
Section 14.1, the parties engaging or attempting to engage in such
Transfer shall be liable to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and
the other Members from all costs, liabilities and damages that any of
such indemnified Persons may incur (including, without limitation,
incremental tax liability and lawyers' fees and expenses) as a result of
such Transfer or attempted Transfer and efforts to enforce the indemnity
granted hereby.

Section 14.4  Effective Date of Assignment. Any valid assignment or other
Transfer of a Member's interest in the Company, or part thereof,
pursuant to the provisions of Section 14.1 shall be effective as of the
close of business on the last day of the calendar month in which the
other Members give their written consent to such assignment or other
Transfer (or the last day of the calendar month in which such assignment
or other Transfer occurs, if later). The Company shall, from the
effective date of such assignment or other Transfer, thereafter pay all
further distributions on account of the Company interest (or part
thereof) so assigned, to the assignee of such interest, or part
thereof.  As between any Member and its assignee, Profits and Losses for
the Fiscal Year of the Company in which such assignment or other
Transfer occurs shall be apportioned for federal income tax purposes in
accordance with any convention permitted under § 706(d) of the Code and
selected by the Manager.

  
**ARTICLE XV DISSOLUTION, LIQUIDATION AND TERMINATION**

Section 15.1  No Dissolution.  The Company shall not be dissolved by the admission of New
Members, Additional Members or Substitute Members in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement.

Section 15.2  Events Causing Dissolution.  The Company shall be dissolved and
its affairs shall be wound up upon the occurrence of any of the
following events:

​(i) the written consent of a unanimous vote of Members; or

​(iii) any event specified in subdivision (3) or (4) of § 35-1 of the
Act; 

provided, however, at any time before the winding up of the Company is
completed the Members may unanimously waive the right to have the
Company's business wound up and the Company terminated, in which case
the Company shall resume carrying on its business.

Section 15.3  Notice of Dissolution.  Upon the dissolution of the Company, the
Person or Persons approved by all the Members to carry out the winding
up of the Company (the "Liquidating Trustee") shall promptly notify the
Members of such dissolution.

Section 15.4  Liquidation.  Upon dissolution of the Company the Liquidating Trustee shall
immediately commence to wind up the Company's affairs; provided,
however, that a reasonable time shall be allowed for the orderly
liquidation of the assets of the Company and the satisfaction of
liabilities to creditors so as to enable the Members to minimize the
normal losses attendant upon a liquidation.  The Unit Holders shall
continue to share Profits and Losses during liquidation in the same
proportions, as specified in Article VII, as before liquidation.  Each
Member shall be furnished with a statement prepared by the Company's
certified public accountants that shall set forth the assets and
liabilities of the Company as of the date of dissolution.  The proceeds
of liquidation shall be distributed, as realized, in the following order
and priority:

​(i) First, proceeds shall be distributed to creditors of the Company,
including Unit Holders who are creditors, to the extent otherwise
permitted by law, in satisfaction of the liabilities of the Company
(whether by payment or the making of reasonable provision for payment
thereof), other than liabilities for distributions to Unit Holders;

​(ii) Second, proceeds shall be distributed to the Class A Unit Holders
in proportion to the number of Class A Units held by each Class A Unit
Holder, in an aggregate amount equal to the Class A Unit Liquidation
Preference; and

Third, on account of each series of Class B Units issued by the Company,
proceeds shall be distributed in increasing order of Company Value at
Issuance to the Class B Unit Holders in such series, to the Class B Unit
Holders in any earlier issued series and to the Class A Unit Holders,
pro rata based on the number of Class B Units held by each Class B Unit
Holder in the applicable series and on the number of Class A Units held
by each Class A Unit Holder, in an amount equal to (a) the difference
between (1) the next highest Company Value at Issuance for a series of
Class B Units issued by the Company and (2) the Company Value at
Issuance associated with the series of Class B Units for which the
distribution is then being made, or (b) if there is no series of Class B
Units with a higher Company Value at Issuance, or if the net proceeds of
liquidation available for distribution under this Section 15.4 after
taking into effect the distributions to creditors under Section 15.4(i)
are less than the next highest Company Value at Issuance, the remaining
proceeds of liquidation available for distribution under this Section
15.4; and

Finally, proceeds shall be distributed to the Unit Holders in accordance
with their positive Capital Account balances, after giving effect to all
contributions, distributions and allocations for all periods.

For purposes of illustration, Schedule C sets forth hypothetical
liquidation scenarios detailing the distribution of proceeds in the
order and priority required under this Section 15.4.

Section 15.5  Termination.  The Company shall terminate when all of the assets of the Company,
after payment of or due provision for all debts, liabilities and
obligations of the Company, shall have been distributed to the Unit
Holders in the manner provided for in this Article XV, and the Articles
of Organization shall have been canceled in the manner required by the
Act.

Section 15.6  Claims of Members.  The Members and Assignees shall look solely to the
Company's assets for the return of their Capital Contributions, and if
the assets of the Company remaining after payment of or due provision
for all debts, liabilities and obligations of the Company are
insufficient to return such Capital Contributions, the Members and
Assignees shall have no recourse against the Company or any other Member
or the Manager.

**ARTICLE XVI ARBITRATION**

To the fullest extent permitted by the Act and other applicable law, any
controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or
any breach thereof, shall be settled by arbitration in accordance and to
the extent permitted by the Illinois Uniform Arbitration Act, 710 ILCS
5/1 et seq., as amended from time to time, and, to the extent not
inconsistent therewith, the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American
Arbitration Association, as amended and in effect on the date that
demand for arbitration is filed with the American Arbitration
Association.  Each party to the arbitration shall select one arbitrator;
provided that no arbitrator may be interested in the controversy or have
any relationship to a party and all arbitrators shall be bound, as
nearly as may be possible, to the ethical restrictions imposed on judges
in Illinois, and provided further that no party shall be estopped from
challenging an arbitrator for non-compliance with the foregoing criteria
by reason of such party's having participated in the process of
selecting the arbitrator.  The arbitrators' ruling shall be binding and
conclusive upon the parties hereto to the fullest extent permitted by
law.  Any arbitration shall occur in Chicago, Illinois, and judgment
upon the award rendered may be entered in any court having jurisdiction
thereof.  The arbitrators shall be governed by and shall apply the
substantive law of the State of Illinois in making their award.  The
expenses of the arbitration shall be borne equally by the parties to the
arbitration, provided that each party shall pay for and bear the cost of
its own experts, evidence and legal counsel.

**ARTICLE XVII MISCELLANEOUS**

Section 17.1  Notices.  All
notices provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing, duly signed
by the party giving such notice, and shall be delivered, telecopied or
mailed by registered or certified mail, as follows:

​(i) if given to the Company, in care of the Manager at the Company's
mailing address set forth on **Schedule A** attached hereto;

​(ii) if given to the Manager, at its mailing address set forth on
**Schedule A** attached hereto; or

​(iii) if given to any Member at the address set forth opposite its name
on **Schedule A** attached hereto, or at such other address as such
Member may hereafter designate by written notice to the Company.

All such notices shall be deemed to have been given when received.

Section 17.2  Failure to Pursue Remedies.  The failure of any party to seek
redress for violation of, or to insist upon the strict performance of,
any provision of this Agreement shall not prevent a subsequent act,
which would have originally constituted a violation, from having the
effect of an original violation.

Section 17.3  Cumulative Remedies.  The rights and remedies provided by this
Agreement are cumulative and the use of any one right or remedy by any
party shall not preclude or waive its right to use any or all other
remedies.  Said rights and remedies are given in addition to any other
rights the parties may have by law, statute, ordinance or otherwise.

Section 17.4  Binding Effect.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of all of the parties and, to the extent permitted by this Agreement,
their successors, legal representatives and assigns.

Section 17.5  Severability.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any particular provision of
this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions hereof, and this
Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or
unenforceable provision were omitted.

Section 17.6  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts with
the same effect as if all parties hereto had signed the same document. 
All counterparts shall be construed together and shall constitute one
instrument.

Section 17.7  Integration.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among the parties
hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior
agreements and understandings pertaining thereto.

Section 17.8  Governing Law.  This Agreement and the rights of the parties hereunder shall be
interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, and
all rights and remedies shall be governed by such laws without regard to
principles of conflict of laws.

  

[Signature Pages Follow]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the date first above stated.

MEMBERS:

  

By:   
 Name:  [INSERT MEMBER NAME]  
 Title:    Member

  

By:   
 Name:  [INSERT MEMBER NAME]  
 Title:    Member

  

By:   
 Name:  [INSERT MEMBER NAME]  
 Title:    Member

  

  

This Agreement is accepted and agreed to by:

MANAGERS:

  

By:   
 Name:  [INSERT MANAGER NAME]  
 Title:    Manager

  

  

  

By:   
 Name:  [INSERT MANAGER NAME]  
 Title:    Manager

  

  

[Signature Pages of Members Admitted   
 after the date of this Agreement to Follow]


